docs: ZKsync Brand Audit (#399)
matter-labs/zksync-docs: content/10.zk-stack/30.components/00.index.md

description: Overview
---

> This section provides a high-level overview of the components that form ZKsync Chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides a high-level overview of the components that make up a ZKsync Chain.
```
